Make the projects workflow page reference the backingNamespace field (#2075)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/api/workflows/projects.md

EOF
```

> Setting the `field.cattle.io/creatorId` field creates a ProjectRoleTemplateBinding that allows the specified user to see project resources with the `get` command and view the project in the Rancher UI. Cluster owner and admin accounts don't need to set this annotation to perform these tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting the `field.cattle.io/creatorId` field creates a `ProjectRoleTemplateBinding` that grants the specified user the ability to see project resources with the `get` command and view the project in the Rancher UI. Cluster owner and admin accounts don't need to set this annotation to perform these tasks.
```

## Listing Project Members

Look up the project backing namespace:

```bash
kubectl --namespace c-m-abcde get projects
```

> to list projectroletemplatebindings in the project's backing namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To list projectroletemplatebindings in the project's backing namespace:
```
